#summary Documentation
#labels Phase-Implementation

In the 'lib' folder, you can find the JSDoc toolkit.
This toolkit is used to generate the documentation for the project.
The documentation is in the folder 'doc'. 
Use a web browser to visualize 'index.html', the base file of the documentation.
To generate the documentation again, open a terminal and navigate to the folder
where the file 'Makefile' is. Then, run the command 'make'. This will generate
the documentation.

==Functions:==
----
{{{
<static>  	YAML.eval(str) 
Parse a YAML file from a string.

<static>  	YAML.fromURL(src, ondone) 
Load and parse a YAML file from a URL.

<static>  	YAML.getErrors() 
Get errors found when parsing the last file.

<static>  	YAML.getProcessingTime() 
Get the time it took to parse the last file.
}}}
----

===Method Detail===
----

{{{<static>}}} *YAML.eval(str)*

Parse a YAML file from a string. 

_Parameters:_

{String} str 
String with the YAML file contents.

----

{{{<static>}}} *YAML.fromURL(src, ondone)*

Load and parse a YAML file from a URL. 

_Parameters:_

{String} src 
URL from where to load the YAML file
{Function} ondone 
Function that will be called when the file is parsed. The result is passed as an argument.

----

{{{<static>}}} *YAML.getErrors()*

Get errors found when parsing the last file. 

_Returns:_

Errors found when parsing the last file.

----

{{{<static>}}} *YAML.getProcessingTime()*

Get the time it took to parse the last file. 

_Returns:_

Time in milliseconds.